What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

In the directory where I have initialized a repository appears new hidden directory .git,
which contains all necessary files for git. I need to do it, because I would like to follow,
control my code, all versions of the code.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

To be honest I still don't get the notion or the idead of staging area. The staging area is a file, generally contained in your Git directory, that stores information about what will go into your next commit. It’s sometimes referred to as the “index”, but it’s also common to refer to it as the staging area. It offers an important value - we store into the St.Area the files which we'd like to commit. So it's important for the whole idea of version control of our code.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

I can use the staging area to make sure I have one commit per logical change so that I can use the command git diff to compare files in working directory with the same files in staging area, the command git dif --staged to compare files in St.Area with files in repository. So that can give understanding when I should to commit so there would a logical change. I mean - using the commands I can see all diffrences and therefore I can know it there was a logical change why I did a commit.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

Branches would be helpful when you want to change something globally and at the same time you want to have the original version of the file/code. For example, you want to have another language version of your project, so you should create a new branch for the code. Or you want to add some experimental feature in your project and to show it to your friends.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?